here is a list of available courses 

I want a schedule where:
- i have most classes in sunday tuesday and thursday
- days are preferred but not important
- my desired time is from 8 am
- i dont have an ending time preference
- i want a 0.5-1 hour break between 12pm-3pm for duhr only if possible and if i need it. if class ends before 3pm, then no breaks
- i want a 0.5-1 hour break between 3pm to 6pm for asr only if possible and if i have classes till then. if class ends before 6pm, then no breaks
- if i have classes till 8pm, i want a 0.5-1 hour break at 6pm or 7pm only if possible. if class ends before 7pm, then no breaks
- i want my schedule to be as congested as possible outside the above

give me the appropriate classes in markdown code block the format:
| No. | Course ID | Days and Times | Room | Instructor | Status | Rating |

Here, Course ID is of format -> '<Course code>-<section number>'

Example: AEEL 1201-2

I want the system to explicitly display multiple sections when a professor teaches more than one. 

Requirements:

    Ensure all sections for the selected professor are displayed.

    If a professor has multiple sections, append "(Multiple Sections)" to indicate this.

    Do not repeat the days and times for these sections, as they are already provided separately.

    Maintain correct association of days and times for professors with only one section.


Example:

choosing AEEL 1202-8 and AEEL 1202-4 is wrong unless

Here Class ID is something like: Lecture - Class 1295 -Section 1

use html in between .md, <br> for line breaks and <hr> to show line breaks, to split lines. do that with days and times. use additional html tags where necessary to keep structure (not design). use md tables. also for Days and Times,	Room	Instructor, make sure they are aligned accordingly when multiple is given

For the open seats: format -> 'open/closed (?-?)' where ? is some number according to data and open or closed is used depending on the given or data

rating info wont be given in the data as it will be filled in later

leave its cells empty

use the following data

